Editor revision 2021 05 21 (#265)
oasis-tcs/csaf: csaf_2.0/prose/csaf-v2-editor-draft.md

    },
```

> Every Involvement item of value type `object` with the 2 mandatory properties Party (`party`), Status (`status`) and the 2 optional properties Date of involvement (`date`) and Summary (`summary`) is a container that allows the document producers to comment on the level of involvement (or engagement) of themselves (or third parties) in the vulnerability identification, scoping, and remediation process. It can also be used to disclose the coordination timeline. The ordered tuple of the values of `party`, `status` and `date` (if present) SHALL be unique within `involvements`.

Author: Maybe a better phrase would be "disclosure timeline"?

@zmanion: What would you use?

```suggestion
Every Involvement item of value type `object` with the 2 mandatory properties Party (`party`), Status (`status`) and the 2 optional properties Date of involvement (`date`) and Summary (`summary`) is a container that allows the document producers to comment on the level of involvement (or engagement) of themselves (or third parties) in the vulnerability identification, scoping, and remediation process. It can also be used to publish the disclosure timeline. The ordered tuple of the values of `party`, `status` and `date` (if present) SHALL be unique within `involvements`.
```

Author: I updated it.

    open
```

> Each status is mutually exclusive - only one status is valid for a particular vulnerability at a particular time. As the vulnerability ages, a party's involvement could move from state to state. However, in many cases, a document producer may choose not to issue CSAF documents at each state, or simply omit this element altogether. It is recommended, however, that vendors that issue CSAF documents indicating an open or in-progress involvement should eventually expect to issue a document containing only the party statuses `disputed` or `completed`.

Author: I think this misses the opportunity for the disclosure timeline. Therefore, I suggest a minor rewording:

```suggestion
Each status is mutually exclusive - only one status is valid for a particular vulnerability at a particular time. As the vulnerability ages, a party's involvement could move from state to state. However, in many cases, a document producer may choose not to issue CSAF documents at each state, or simply omit this element altogether. It is recommended, however, that vendors that issue CSAF documents indicating an open or in-progress involvement should eventually expect to issue a document containing one of the status `disputed` or `completed` as the latest one.
```
